updated readme (#1)
pubnub/objectivec-quickstart-platform: README.md

> # Objective-C PubNub Sample App

Reviewer: Every one of these: "PubNub" first, then language.
```suggestion
# PubNub Objective-C Sample App
```

PubNub takes care of the infrastructure and APIs needed for the realtime communication layer of your application. Work on your app's logic and let PubNub handle sending and receiving data across the world in less than 100ms.

## Get keys

You will need publish and subscribe keys to authenticate your app. Get your keys from the [Admin Portal](https://dashboard.pubnub.com/login).

## Set up the project

If you don't want to copy the code from this document, you can clone the repository and use the files in there.
 
1. Open Xcode and create a new iOS App.
2. Give it a Product Name, `pnquickstart_objc`.
3. Set User Interface to Storyboard.
4. Set the Language to Objective-C.
5. Use defaults for the rest of the options.
6. Save the project to your file system.
7. Navigate to File > New > File to create a new class:
   1. Select Cocoa Touch Class.
   2. From the drop-down, select UITableViewController.
   3. If not populated already, provide TableViewController as the name.
   4. Set Language to Objective-C.
   5. Use defaults for the rest of the options and save this class in the folder where the AppDelegate classes already exist.

> 8. Close xCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Close Xcode.
```

### Install PubNub using CocoaPods

> 1. Open the terminal and navigate to the project's root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a terminal window, navigate to the project's root folder.
```

> 2. Create an empty Podfile with `pod init` (this requires [CocoaPods 1.0.0 or higher](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an empty Podfile with `pod init` (this requires [CocoaPods 1.0.0 or higher](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html)).
```

3. Open Podfile in a text editor, and add pod `"PubNub", "~> 4"` to the target section. The target name must be the same as your project name. If you didn't use the suggested name in this quickstart, use the name you specified. The following is the required minimum:

    ```text
    platform :ios, '9.0'

    target 'pnqs_ios_objectivec' do
        use_frameworks!
        pod "PubNub", "~> 4"
    end
    ```

4. Save the Podfile and quit the text editor.
5. In the directory where the podfile exists, run the `pod install` command to install the dependencies.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        return self.updateInputHolderView;
    }

    - (NSInteger)numberOfSectionsInTableView:(UITableView *)tableView {
        return 1;
    }

    - (NSInteger)tableView:(UITableView *)tableView numberOfRowsInSection:(NSInteger)section {
        return self.messages.count;
    }

    - (void)tableView:(UITableView *)tableView willDisplayCell:(UITableViewCell *)cell forRowAtIndexPath:(NSIndexPath *)indexPath {
        NSDictionary *updateEntry = [self.messages objectAtIndex:indexPath.row];
        cell.detailTextLabel.text = updateEntry[kUpdateEntryMessage];
        cell.textLabel.text = updateEntry[kUpdateEntryType];
    }

    - (UITableViewCell *)tableView:(UITableView *)tableView cellForRowAtIndexPath:(NSIndexPath *)indexPath {
        return [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifier:kUpdateCellIdentifier];
    }

    #pragma mark -

    @end
    ```

At this point, the code is syntactically correct, but Xcode might display warnings about the PubNub import, and any code that depends on the PubNub SDK. If this happens, close Xcode and open the workspace (not the project) again. Choose Product > Clean Build Folder, and then Product > Build. 

## Run the app

> If this is your first Android Studio project, create an emulator before you follow these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Click the Run button.

    You should see the iPhone simulator that displays a screen similar to this:

    ![](objcqs-simulator.png)

    The UI is simple but uses a list view that cleanly displays each event.

    A message was published on app start up and some other events were displayed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

2. Submit a new entry.

    A new entry update is auto populated for you: "Mostly Harmless." Change the text then click the Submit Update to the Guide button to publish the new update. The new update appears at the top of the current messages, while the older messages scroll down, and the entry update field is cleared for you to enter something new.

    > This code is executed asynchronously, so the order in which the [MESSAGE: received] and [PUBLISH: sent] messages appear may vary.

## Documentation

> * [Build your first realtime Android app with PubNub](https://www.pubnub.com/docs/platform/quickstarts/objectivec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Build your first realtime Objective-C app with PubNub](https://www.pubnub.com/docs/platform/quickstarts/objectivec)
```
